# Changes
+ **6.0.2** - Enhance NER to load multiple override files. Update to use Bioresources 1.1.20 containing MITRE PhaseIII override KB.
+ **6.0.2** - Fixed odin bug related to` ^` in lookbehinds. Update to use Bioresources 1.1.19 containing Bioentities project KBs.
+ **6.0.1** - Added support to odin for redefining variables.
+ **6.0.1** - Added support to odin for matching mention arguments.
+ **6.0.1** - Added support to odin for cross-sentence patterns.
+ **6.0.1** - Fixed odin bug when matching overlapping entities with same end at the beginning of a pattern.
+ **6.0.1** - Improved validation of named entities in RuleNER.
+ **6.0.1** - Added automated lexical variations to the BioNLPProcessor RuleNER.
+ **6.0.1** - Bug fix in multi-world entity matching in the RuleNER.
+ **6.0.0** - Reorganization into 3 subprojects with different licenses: main, corenlp, models.
+ **6.0.0** - Optimizations to `json` serialization/deserialization.
+ **5.9.6** - Serialize/deserialize `Document`, `Mention`, etc. to/from `json`.
+ **5.9.5** - Bug fix release: do not tag XML tags such as XREF... as named entities.
+ **5.9.4** - Update to use bioresources 1.1.15.
+ **5.9.3** - Improved support for multi-token triggers in dependency patterns in Odin.
+ **5.9.3** - Improved tokenization of n-ary complexes for BioNLPProcessor. Reverts some of CoreNLP's aggressive tokenization.
+ **5.9.2** - Add numeric comparisons and distributional similarity comparisons via word embeddings to Odin (word2vec).
+ **5.9.2** - Ensure amino acid abbreviations parse correctly. Tokenize sites that appear as prefixes; e.g. "Tyr-phosphorylated". Use Bioresources 1.1.13.
+ **5.9.1** - Bug fixes for KBLoader and X/Y heterodimer bugs. Update some BioNLP* tests.
+ **5.9.1** - Added override capability to the rule NER in BioNLPProcessor.
+ **5.9.1** - Improved tokenization of protein families and other edge cases.
+ **5.9.1** - Bug fix in the RF classifier: handle features that appear only with 0 values during training.
+ **5.9.1** - Updated to use bioresources 1.1.10.
+ **5.9.0** - Changed top package from edu.arizona.sista to org.clulab.
+ **5.8.6** - Global tokenization for complexes in BioNLPProcessor. Added support for sentiment analysis in CoreNLPSentimentAnalyzer.
+ **5.8.5** - Updated to bioresources 1.1.9. Improved the handling of stop-list entities in the bio NER.
+ **5.8.4** - Updated to bioresources 1.1.6. Add and load TissueType KB. Synch the KBLoader with NER configuration in Bioresources.
+ **5.8.3** - Updated to bioresources 1.1.4. The BioNLPProcessor POS tagger now correctly tags verbs for biochemical interactions as verbs.
+ **5.8.2** - Implemented unrestricted lookbehind for Odin's surface patterns. Updated to bioresources 1.1.1. Added support for unbalanced data to LibLinearClassifier. Incremental improvements to the SRL system.
+ **5.8.1** - Improved Odin's variables compatibility with YAML. Switched BioNLPProcessor to using bioresources rather than the local resources. Bug fix: RuleNER was not producing the longest possible match all the time.
+ **5.8.0** - Added in-house random forest implementation. Removed Weka dependency and its RF classifier. Removed RF reranking classifier. Bug fix in Odin: allow `$` and `\` in variable values. Restricted Odin variable names to valid Java identifiers. Added object Serializer. We no longer intern Strings by default in BioNLPProcessor.
+ **5.7.3** - Added support for context entities: species, organs, cell lines, cell types.
+ **5.7.2** - Keep matched syntactic paths in event/relation mentions. Added support for trigger matching from the state.
+ **5.7.1** - Made Odin event mentions friendlier for event coreference.
+ **5.7.0** - Added chunker for shallow syntax based on the CoNLL-2000 shared task. Improved Odin's Java API. Several bugfixes.
+ **5.6.0** - Changed organization to org.clulab. Changed to 3-number versions. Changed resource loader behavior for the Odin "import" command.
+ **5.5** - Added support for rule templates, importing grammar files, and taxonomies in Odin.
+ **5.4** - The Sentence class now stores all available dependency types generated by a processor, e.g., both basic and collapsed Stanford dependencies. Multiple improvements to the Odin language.
+ **5.3** - Many incremental improvements to ODIN and `BioNLPProcessor`, including better tokenization of biomedical text, and a revamped bio NER, which now combines an in-house CRF with a rule-based system, with rules derived from multiple knowledge bases such as Uniprot.
+ **5.2** - Version 2 of ODIN, including a cleaner (more declarative) rule language, which minimizes the need for custom actions. See `edu.arizona.sista.odin.domains.toydomain` for an example of a toy domain, and `edu.arizona.sista.odin.domains.bigmechanism.dryrun2015` for a complete biomedical domain.
+ **5.1** - Improved tokenization for the bio domain. Replaced the BANNER NER for the bio domain with our own implementation. Installing BANNER is thus no longer necessary.
+ **5.0** - changed to Java 8, Scala 2.11, and CoreNLP 3.5.1. First public release of ODIN (domain-independent event extraction) framework, in the `edu.arizona.sista.odin` package. First release of ODIN's DARPA biomedical grammar. `FastNLPProcessor` now supports both the Malt and the new Stanford NN dependency parser (the Stanford parser is now the default setting).
+ **4.0** - added `BioNLPProcessor`. Install our fork of the [BANNER named entity recognizer](https://github.com/sistanlp/banner) before!
+ **3.3** - bug fix: make sure DocumentSerializer.load() works when multiple documents are serialized into the same file.
+ **3.2** - Added a discourse parser to `FastNLPProcessor`. This performs marginally worse than the one in `CoreNLPProcessor`, but it is much faster for end-to-end processing, due to the shift-reduce syntactic parser.
+ **3.1** - Minimal functionality added to the learning package. Changed to CoreNLP 3.3.1.
+ **3.0** - Added a RST discourse parser to `CoreNLPProcessor`. Added the `edu.arizona.sista.learning` package. Utils classes are now under `edu.arizona.sista.utils` rather than `edu.arizona.sista.processors.utils`.
+ **2.2** - Various bug fixes. Added support for basic dependencies to `CoreNLPProcessor`.
+ **2.1** - Bug fix in FastNLPProcessor: better root detection algorithm, robust to malt inconsistencies.
+ **2.0** - We now support two processors: `CoreNLPProcessor` and `FastNLPProcessor`. Changed the package name from `e.a.s.processor` to `e.a.s.processors`. Added Java usage example to README. Updated to CoreNLP 3.3.0. Added better unit tests to check for thread safetiness.
+ **1.5** - Bug fixing. Made the string interning process (see `Processor.in`) local to each thread to avoid concurrency issues in multi-threaded programs. Added new unit tests. Added minor functionality to Lexicon.
+ **1.4** - Code cleanup. Added some minor new functionality such as finding base NPs in the Trees class.
+ **1.3** - Reverted back to the `1.x` version numbers, since we will add other software here not just CoreNLP. Added correct mvn dependencies for the CoreNLP jars. Removed the `install*.sh` scripts, which are no longer needed.
+ **3.2.0** - Updated to Scala 2.10.1 and CoreNLP 3.2.0. Changed versioning system to be identical to CoreNLP's, so it's clear which CoreNLP version is used.
+ **1.0** - Initial release
